mmctl channel docs are outdated (#4235)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/mmctl-cli-tool.rst

Commands for channel management.

  Child Commands
    -  `mmctl channel archive`_ - Archive a channel
    -  `mmctl channel create`_ - Create a channel
    -  `mmctl channel delete`_ - Delete a channel
    -  `mmctl channel list`_ - List all channels on specified teams
    -  `mmctl channel make_private`_ - Set a channel's type to "private"
    -  `mmctl channel modify`_ - Modify a channel's type (private/public)
    -  `mmctl channel move`_ - Move channels to the specified team
    -  `mmctl channel rename`_ - Rename a channel
    -  `mmctl channel restore`_ - (Deprecated) Restore a channel from the archive
    -  `mmctl channel search`_ - Search a channel by name
    -  `mmctl channel unarchive`_ - Unarchive a channel
    -  `mmctl channel users`_ - Manage channel users
    -  `mmctl channel users add`_ - Add a user to a channel
    -  `mmctl channel users remove`_ - Remove a user from a channel

**Options**

.. code-block:: sh

   -h, --help   help for channel

mmctl channel archive
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Description**

>   Archive one or multiple channels along with all related information including posts from the database. Channels can be specified by ``[team]:[channel]`` (i.e., myteam:mychannel) or by channel ID.

Reviewer: > with all related information including posts from the database. 

It is not clear to me what is happening in this part of the sentence. We don't actually delete from the database, so do we need to actually call out anything about it. Wondering if "Archive one or multiple channels along with all related posts data."  would be clearer?

Author: Good question! @mgdelacroix Would @wiersgallak's suggested update be clearer to the target audience from your perspective? I believe an update like this would apply to multiple child commands.

Reviewer 2: As part of archiving a channel, we do things like deleting the related incoming and outgoing webhooks as well, so I would try keep the scope of the sentence broad, to explicit that we archive different types of information.

Author: @wiersgallak Are there additional updates you'd like to like to see made to this documentation?

**Description**

>    Move the provided channels to the specified team. Validate that all users in the channel belong to the target team. Incoming/Outgoing webhooks are moved     along with the channel. Channels can be specified by ``[team]:[channel]`` (ie. myteam:mychannel) or by channel ID.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Move the provided channels to the specified team. Validate that all users in the channel belong to the target team. Incoming/outgoing webhooks are moved along with the channel. Channels can be specified by ``[team]:[channel]`` (i.e., myteam:mychannel) or by channel ID.
```

**Examples**

.. code-block:: sh

   channel rename myteam:oldchannel --name 'new-channel' --display_name 'New Display Name'
   channel rename myteam:oldchannel --name 'new-channel'
   channel rename myteam:oldchannel --display_name 'New Display Name'

**Options**

.. code-block:: sh

  --display_name string   Channel Display Name
  -h, --help                  help for rename
  --name string           Channel Name

**Options inherited from parent commands**

.. code-block:: sh

   --config-path string          path to the configuration directory. If "$HOME/.mmctl" exists it will take precedence over the default value (default "$XDG_CONFIG_HOME")
   --format string               the format of the command output [plain, json] (default "plain")
   --format string               the format of the command output [plain, json] (default "plain")
   --insecure-sha1-intermediate  allows the use of insecure TLS protocols, such as SHA-1
   --local                       allows communicating with the server through a unix socket
   --strict                      will only run commands if the mmctl version matches the server one

mmctl channel restore
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Deprecated in favor of `mmctl channel unarchive`_. Not used in Mattermost Server version v5.26 and later.

Reviewer 3: Note: Confirm that this link is working as expected in preview.

**Description**

>   Restore a previously deleted channel. Channels can be specified by ``[team]:[channel]`` (e.g., myteam:mychannel) or by channel ID.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Restore a previously deleted channel. Channels can be specified by ``[team]:[channel]`` (i.e., myteam:mychannel) or by channel ID.
```

   --local                       allows communicating with the server through a unix socket
   --strict                      will only run commands if the mmctl version matches the server one

mmctl channel search
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Description**

>   Search a channel by channel name. Channel can be specified by team (e.g., ``--team myTeam myChannel``) or by team ID.

Author: Great catch, @justinegeffen! @mgdelacroix Can you please confirm case, please?

>   Search a channel by channel name. Channel can be specified by team (e.g., ``--team myTeam myChannel``) or by team ID.

Reviewer 2: Arg, sorry I completely missed this comment. It's just a case of the examples not being consistent, I can change it in `mmctl` directly and make it homogeneous as well

>   Search a channel by channel name. Channel can be specified by team (e.g., ``--team myTeam myChannel``) or by team ID.

Reviewer 3: No worries, I missed this comment and merged the PR. If the casing is correct as it stands and it's functionally accurate that's good. Since I merged this without confirming with you, LMK when that's done and I'll open a PR to fix this. :)
